Duplex Singlemode 8.3/125 Fiber Patch Cable                                                          Highlights
(SC/ST), 15M (50-ft.)                                                                                ● Premium PVC 8.3/125 micron
                                                                                                       singlemode patch cables
MODEL NUMBER: N354-15M                                                                               ● Attenuation loss meets or
                                                                                                       exceeds the latest industry
                                                                                                       standards
                                                                                                     ● Twice the bandwidth throughput
                                                                                                       of multimode cable
                                                                                                     System Requirements
                                                                                                     ● Any fiber optic hardware or NIC
                                                                                                       card requiring singlemode
                                                                                                       duplex cable with SC/ST
                                                                                                       connectors
                                                                                                     Package Includes
                                                                                                     ● 15-meter ( 50ft ) Duplex
Description
                                                                                                       Singlemode Fiber Patch Cable,
Tripp Lite's 15-meter ( 50ft ), singlemode duplex fiber optic SC/ST patch cable is manufactured from
                                                                                                       SC/ST
8.3/125 zipcord fiber. The cable has ST connectors on one end, SC on the other, a PVC jacket, and is
FDDI and OFNR rated. Duplex singlemode fiber is most commonly used in LAN applications.
Features
●  Manufactured from 8.3/125 duplex (zipcord) fiber
●  PVC jacket
●  Length: 15-meter ( 50ft ) Connectors: 2 ST and 2 SC connectors on each end
●  Insertion loss testing performed on every connector (0.2db typical) and provided with cable
●  Beveled edge on ends of glass makes insertion of plug a breeze
●  Fiber made from glass (not a polymer)
●  Fiber optic distributed data interface (FDDI) rated
●  OFNR (riser rated)
Specifications
  INPUT
  Cable Length (ft.)                        49.2
  Cable Length (m)                          15
  PHYSICAL
                                                                               1/2


 Color                                      Yellow
 CONNECTIONS
 Side A - Connector 1                       SC DUPLEX (MALE)
 Side B - Connector 1                       ST DUPLEX (MALE)
 WARRANTY
 Product Warranty Period                    Lifetime limited warranty
 (Worldwide)
© 2017 Tripp Lite. All rights reserved. All product and company names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does
not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Tripp Lite has a policy of continuous improvement. Specifications are subject to change without notice.
Tripp Lite uses primary and third-party agencies to test its products for compliance with standards. See a list of Tripp Lite's testing agencies:
https://www.tripplite.com/products/product-certification-agencies
                                                                                 2/2


Mouser Electronics
Authorized Distributor
Click to View Pricing, Inventory, Delivery & Lifecycle Information:
Tripp Lite:
 N354-15M
