Duplex Singlemode 8.3/125 Fiber Patch Cable                                                           Highlights
(LC/ST), 30M (100-ft.)                                                                                ● Premium PVC 8.3/125 micron
                                                                                                        singlemode patch cables
MODEL NUMBER: N368-30M                                                                                ● Attenuation loss meets or
                                                                                                        exceeds the latest industry
                                                                                                        standards
                                                                                                      ● Twice the bandwidth throughput
                                                                                                        of multimode cable
                                                                                                      System Requirements
                                                                                                      ● Any fiber optic hardware or NIC
                                                                                                        card requiring singlemode
                                                                                                        duplex cable with LC/ST
                                                                                                        connectors
                                                                                                      Package Includes
                                                                                                      ● 30-meter ( 100ft ) Duplex
Description
                                                                                                        Singlemode Fiber Patch Cable,
Tripp Lite's 30-meter ( 100ft ), singlemode duplex fiber optic LC/ST patch cable is manufactured from
                                                                                                        LC/ST
8.3/125 zipcord fiber. The cable has LC connectors on one end, ST connectors on the other, a PVC
jacket, and is FDDI and OFNR rated. Duplex singlemode fiber is most commonly used in LAN
applications.
Features
●  Manufactured from 8.3/125 duplex (zipcord) fiber
●  PVC jacket
●  Length: 30-meter ( 100ft ) Connectors: 2 LC and 2 ST connectors on each end
●  Insertion loss testing performed on every connector (0.2db typical) and provided with cable
●  Beveled edge on ends of glass makes insertion of plug a breeze
●  Fiber made from glass (not a polymer)
●  Fiber optic distributed data interface (FDDI) rated
●  OFNR (riser rated)
Specifications
  INPUT
  Cable Length (ft.)                        98.4
  Cable Length (m)                          30
  PHYSICAL
                                                                               1/2


 Color                                      Yellow
 CONNECTIONS
 Side A - Connector 1                       LC DUPLEX (MALE)
 Side B - Connector 1                       ST DUPLEX (MALE)
 WARRANTY
 Product Warranty Period                    Lifetime limited warranty
 (Worldwide)
© 2017 Tripp Lite. All rights reserved. All product and company names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does
not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Tripp Lite has a policy of continuous improvement. Specifications are subject to change without notice.
Tripp Lite uses primary and third-party agencies to test its products for compliance with standards. See a list of Tripp Lite's testing agencies:
https://www.tripplite.com/products/product-certification-agencies
                                                                                 2/2


Mouser Electronics
Authorized Distributor
Click to View Pricing, Inventory, Delivery & Lifecycle Information:
Tripp Lite:
 N368-30M
