Duplex Singlemode 8.3/125 Fiber Patch Cable                                                                             Highlights
                                                                                                                            Premium PVC 8.3/125 micron
(LC/LC), 15M (50-ft.)                                                                                                       singlemode patch cables
MODEL NUMBER: N370-15M                                                                                                      Attenuation loss meets or
                                                                                                                            exceeds the latest industry
                                                                                                                            standards
                                                                                                                            Twice the bandwidth throughput
                                                                                                                            of multimode cable
                                                                                                                        System Requirements
                                                                                                                            Any fiber optic hardware or NIC
                                                                                                                            card requiring singlemode duplex
                                                                                                                            cable with LC/LCconnectors
                                                                                                                        Package Includes
                                                                                                                        15-meter ( 50ft ) Duplex Singlemode
                                                                                                                        Fiber Patch Cable, LC/LC
Description
Tripp Lite's 15-meter ( 50ft ), singlemode duplex fiber optic LC/LC patch cable is manufactured from 8.3/125 zipcord fiber. The cable has LC connectors on one
end, LC connectors on the other, a PVC jacket, and is FDDI and OFNR rated. Duplex singlemode fiber is most commonly used in LAN applications.
Features
   Manufactured from 8.3/125 duplex (zipcord) fiber
   PVC jacket
   Length: 15-meter ( 50ft ) Connectors: 2 LC and 2 LC connectors on each end
   Insertion loss testing performed on every connector (0.2db typical) and provided with cable
   Beveled edge on ends of glass makes insertion of plug a breeze
   Fiber made from glass (not a polymer)
   Fiber optic distributed data interface (FDDI) rated
   OFNR (riser rated)
Specifications
 INPUT
 Cable Length (ft.)                         49.2
 Cable Length (m)                           15
 PHYSICAL
 Color                                      Yellow
 CONNECTIONS
                                                                               1/2


 Side A - Connector 1                       LC DUPLEX (MALE)
 Side B - Connector 1                       LC DUPLEX (MALE)
 WARRANTY
 Product Warranty Period (Worldwide)        Lifetime limited warranty
© 2017 Tripp Lite. All rights reserved. All product and company names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does
not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Tripp Lite has a policy of continuous improvement. Specifications are subject to change without notice.
Tripp Lite uses primary and third-party agencies to test its products for compliance with standards. See a list of Tripp Lite's testing agencies:
https://www.tripplite.com/products/product-certification-agencies
                                                                                2/2


Mouser Electronics
Authorized Distributor
Click to View Pricing, Inventory, Delivery & Lifecycle Information:
Tripp Lite:
 N370-15M
