Fiber Optic Mode Conditioning Patch Cable                                                                   Highlights
(SC/LC), 1M (3-ft.)                                                                                         ● Converts Singelemode SC
                                                                                                              GBIC to Multimode LC Patch
MODEL NUMBER: N424-01M                                                                                        Panel
                                                                                                            ● 62.5/125 and 8.3/125
                                                                                                            ● Run 1000Base-LX Gigabit
                                                                                                              Ethernet over MMF by offsetting
                                                                                                              signal loss
                                                                                                            Package Includes
                                                                                                            ● SC / Mode Conditioning to LC
                                                                                                              Fiber Optic Patch Cable, 1M ( 3-
                                                                                                              ft. )
Description
Tripp Lites Mode Conditioning Cables are designed for use in Gigabit Ethernet 1000BASE-LX
applications. N424 series cables convert a Singlemode SC GBIC to an LC Multimode patch bay. They are
fully compliant with IEEE 802.3z application standards. Mode Conditioning Cables are needed in
applications where new high-speed Gigabit 1000BASE-LX routers and switches are being deployed into
existing Multimode plants. The need for this patch cord is due to the single-mode launch nature of the -LX
or long-wave (1300 nm) transceiver modules used for Gigabit Ethernet. Launching a single-mode laser
into the center of a multimode fiber can cause multiple signals to be generated that confuses the receiver
at the other end of the fiber. These multiple signals, caused by Differential Mode Delay (DMD) effects,
severely limit the cable distance lengths for operating Gigabit Ethernet. A mode conditioning patch cord
eliminates these multiple signals by allowing the single-mode launch to be offset away from the center of a
multimode fiber.
Features
●  Use SC GBIC Singlemode Transceivers on Multimode Fiber Backbones with LC patch bays
●  62.5/125 and 8.3/125
●  Offsets the Singlemode Laser launch from the center of a Multimode fiber
●  Available in a variety of connector combinations
Specifications
  INPUT
  Cable Length (ft.)                       3.3
                                                                                1/2


 Cable Length (m)                           1
 PHYSICAL
 Color                                      Orange; Yellow
 CONNECTIONS
 Side A - Connector 1                       LC DUPLEX (MALE)
 Side B - Connector 1                       SC DUPLEX (MALE)
 WARRANTY
 Product Warranty Period                    Lifetime limited warranty
 (Worldwide)
© 2017 Tripp Lite. All rights reserved. All product and company names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does
not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Tripp Lite has a policy of continuous improvement. Specifications are subject to change without notice.
Tripp Lite uses primary and third-party agencies to test its products for compliance with standards. See a list of Tripp Lite's testing agencies:
https://www.tripplite.com/products/product-certification-agencies
                                                                                 2/2


Mouser Electronics
Authorized Distributor
Click to View Pricing, Inventory, Delivery & Lifecycle Information:
Tripp Lite:
 N424-01M
