Fiber Optic Mode Conditioning Patch Cable                                                                 Highlights
(SC/SC), 3M (10-ft.)                                                                                      ● 3 Meter SC/SC Mode
                                                                                                            Conditioning Cable
MODEL NUMBER: N426-03M                                                                                    ● 62.5/125 and 8.3/125
                                                                                                          ● Run 1000Base-LX Gigabit
                                                                                                            Ethernet over MMF by offsetting
                                                                                                            signal loss
                                                                                                          ● IEEE 802.3z Gigabit Ethernet
                                                                                                            Compliant
                                                                                                          Package Includes
                                                                                                          ● 3 Meter SC/SC Mode
                                                                                                            Conditioning Cable
Description
Tripp Lites Mode Conditioning Cables are designed for use in Gigabit Ethernet 1000BASE-LX
applications. They are fully compliant with IEEE 802.3z application standards. Mode Conditioning Cables
are needed in applications where new high-speed Gigabit 1000BASE-LX routers and switches are being
deployed into existing multimode plants. The need for this patch cord is due to the single-mode launch
nature of the -LX or long-wave (1300 nm) transceiver modules used for Gigabit Ethernet. Launching a
single-mode laser into the center of a multimode fiber can cause multiple signals to be generated that
confuses the receiver at the other end of the fiber. These multiple signals, caused by Differential Mode
Delay (DMD) effects, severely limit the cable distance lengths for operating Gigabit Ethernet. A mode
conditioning patch cord eliminates these multiple signals by allowing the single-mode launch to be offset
away from the center of a multimode fiber.
Features
●  Use Singlemode Transceivers on Multimode Fiber Backbones
●  62.5/125 and 8.3/125
●  Offsets the Singlemode Laser launch from the center of a Multimode fiber
●  Available in a variety of connector combinations
Specifications
  INPUT
  Cable Length (ft.)                       9.8
  Cable Length (m)                         3
                                                                                1/2


 PHYSICAL
 Color                                      Orange; Yellow
 CONNECTIONS
 Side A - Connector 1                       SC DUPLEX (MALE)
 Side B - Connector 1                       SC DUPLEX (MALE)
 WARRANTY
 Product Warranty Period                    Lifetime limited warranty
 (Worldwide)
© 2017 Tripp Lite. All rights reserved. All product and company names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does
not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Tripp Lite has a policy of continuous improvement. Specifications are subject to change without notice.
Tripp Lite uses primary and third-party agencies to test its products for compliance with standards. See a list of Tripp Lite's testing agencies:
https://www.tripplite.com/products/product-certification-agencies
                                                                                 2/2


Mouser Electronics
Authorized Distributor
Click to View Pricing, Inventory, Delivery & Lifecycle Information:
Tripp Lite:
 N426-03M
