Duplex Multimode 50/125 Fiber Patch Cable                                                               Highlights
(LC/ST), 1M (3-ft.)                                                                                     ● Premium PVC multimode patch
                                                                                                          cables
MODEL NUMBER: N518-01M                                                                                  ● Attenuation loss meets or
                                                                                                          exceeds the latest industry
                                                                                                          standards
                                                                                                        ● Perfect for use with Fibre
                                                                                                          Channel Controller Cards and
                                                                                                          Switches
                                                                                                        System Requirements
                                                                                                        ● Any fiber optic hardware or NIC
                                                                                                          card requiring multimode duplex
                                                                                                          cable with LC/ST connectors
                                                                                                        Package Includes
                                                                                                        ● 1M ( 3ft ) duplex MMF cable
Description
                                                                                                          LC/ST 50/125 fiber
Tripp Lite's 1-meter ( 3ft ) multimode duplex fiber optic LC/ST patch cable is manufactured from 50/125
zipcord fiber. The cable has LC connectors on one end, and ST connectors on the other. It has a PVC
jacket and is FDDI and OFNR rated. Duplex multimode fiber is most commonly used in fiber and Fibre
Channel applications. It is backward compatible with 62.5 micron fiber and built-in headroom for future
applications. The cable provides higher bandwidth optimized for Gigabit and 10Gbps networks.
Features
●  Constructed with 50/125 micron cable
●  Length - 1M
●  Use on fiber and fibre channel installations
●  LC male to ST male connectors
●  Higher bandwidth optimized for gigabit and 10Gbps networks
●  Backward compatible with 62.5 micron fiber
●  Built-in headroom for future applications
Specifications
  INPUT
  Cable Length (ft.)                        3.3
  Cable Length (m)                          1
  PHYSICAL
                                                                                1/2


 Color                                      Orange
 COMMUNICATIONS
 Network Speed                              1Gbps
 CONNECTIONS
 Side A - Connector 1                       LC DUPLEX (MALE)
 Side B - Connector 1                       ST DUPLEX (MALE)
 WARRANTY
 Product Warranty Period                    Lifetime limited warranty
 (Worldwide)
© 2017 Tripp Lite. All rights reserved. All product and company names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does
not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Tripp Lite has a policy of continuous improvement. Specifications are subject to change without notice.
Tripp Lite uses primary and third-party agencies to test its products for compliance with standards. See a list of Tripp Lite's testing agencies:
https://www.tripplite.com/products/product-certification-agencies
                                                                                 2/2


Mouser Electronics
Authorized Distributor
Click to View Pricing, Inventory, Delivery & Lifecycle Information:
Tripp Lite:
 N518-01M
