    LX3302
Key Features                                                   The internal non-volatile memory is configured via the
• Embedded 32-bit processing engine with 12 KB                 VIN power pin, which allows a sensor assembly to be
  program memory                                               configured without the need for additional programming pins.
• Two sensor input channels with integrated demodula-          In addition to the traditional analog and PWM outputs, the LX3302
  tor                                                          includes a fully compliant Singe Edge Nibble Transmission
• Internal oscillator with frequency range of 1 to 5 MHz       (SENT) interface and a Peripheral Serial Interface (PSI5)
• Dual 13-bit ADC with sample rates to 2kHz                    interface to support next generation automotive controllers.
• User-programmable 32 x 16-bit non-volatile configu-
  ration memory
• Linearization algorithm with:
     o Eight user-defined linearization points
     o Programmable origin and end points
     o Programmable low and high plateau levels
• Multiple diagnostics features (ISO26262 compliant)
• Host interface: analog , PWM, PSI5, and SENT
  (J2716 JAN2010)
• 8kV ESD protection (HBM) on power, ground, Mux-
  Pins
• 4.5V to 5.6V input voltage; 10mA (typical) operating
  current
• -40 to 150 °C operation, AEC-Q100 grade 0 certified
Description
The LX3302 is the second member of Microsemi’s new family
of smart sensor interface products. Designed to process
inductive sensors which are based upon linear variable                   Figure 2: LVDT/Inductive Sensor Configuration
differential transformer (LVDT) principles, this new dee
integrates two complete analog channels, oscillator/exciter,     The LX3302 includes integrated diagnostics features which
32-bit RISC processor, non-volatile configuration memory, and    regularly monitor various functions within the IC and report
four programmable I/O which support a variety of interface       conditions which are outside of specified parameters. In
options. In addition, the LX3302 provides internal 8kV (HBM)     the event of a detected failure, the device drives the output
ESD protection on the power, ground, and system interface        to a pre-defined diagnostics level. The internal diagnostics
pins, eliminating the need for external protection components.   information can also be output via SENT-compatible
                                                                 protocol for system development and debug purposes.
                                                                 The LX3302 is compliant with ISO26262 and rated for ASIL C
                                                                 applications. Packaged in a 14-TSSOP package, the device
                                                                 is designed for harsh environments supporting operation (to
                                                                 specification) from -40 to 150 °C while maintaining full functionality
                                                                 to 175 °C. The LX3302 is certified to AEC-Q100 grade 0.
            Figure 1: Top-level Block Diagram
In typical operation, inputs from the inductive sensor are
conditioned, demodulated, and converted into 13-bit values.
The MCU processes these values to produce a linearized
measurement value with either 12-bit accuracy (analog,
PSI5, or SENT output) or 13-bit accuracy (PWM output.)                        Figure 3: 14-TSSOP Pion Assignments
Internal non-volatile memory allows the user to configure
various parameters within the IC, including eight calibration
points, origin/end points, and low and high plateau levels.


      LX3302
Target Applications
The LX3302 is an ideal solution for measuring mechanical movement (linear, angular/rotation and proximity) in a wide variety of
applications in automotive, industrial, aerospace, and commercial applications including:
•   Rotor position sensing (brushless DC motors)
•   Robotic arm positioning
•   Fluid level sensing
•   Proximity detection (industrial automation)
•   Gear position/travel (automotive)
Microsemi makes no warranty, representation, or guarantee regarding the information contained herein or the suitability of its products and services for any particular purpose, nor does Microsemi assume
any liability whatsoever arising out of the application or use of any product or circuit. The products sold hereunder and any other products sold by Microsemi have been subject to limited testing and should not
be used in conjunction with mission-critical equipment or applications. Any performance specifications are believed to be reliable but are not verified, and Buyer must conduct and complete all performance
and other testing of the products, alone and together with, or installed in, any end-products. Buyer shall not rely on any data and performance specifications or parameters provided by Microsemi. It is the
Buyer’s responsibility to independently determine suitability of any products and to test and verify the same. The information provided by Microsemi hereunder is provided “as is, where is” and with all faults,
and the entire risk associated with such information is entirely with the Buyer. Microsemi does not grant, explicitly or implicitly, to any party any patent rights, licenses, or any other IP rights, whether with
regard to such information itself or anything described by such information. Information provided in this document is proprietary to Microsemi, and Microsemi reserves the right to make any changes to the
information in this document or to any products and services at any time without notice.
                                                     Microsemi Corporation (Nasdaq: MSCC) offers a comprehensive portfolio of semiconductor and system solu-
                                                     tions for communications, defense & security, aerospace and industrial markets. Products include high-perfor-
                                                     mance and radiation-hardened analog mixed-signal integrated circuits, FPGAs, SoCs and ASICs; power manage-
                                                     ment products; timing and synchronization devices and precise time solutions, setting the world’s standard for time;
                                                     voice processing devices; RF solutions; discrete components; security technologies and scalable anti-tamper prod-
                                                     ucts; Power-over-Ethernet ICs and midspans; as well as custom design capabilities and services. Microsemi is head-
                                                     quartered in Aliso Viejo, Calif., and has approximately 3,400 employees globally. Learn more at www.microsemi.com.
Microsemi Corporate Headquarters
One Enterprise, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 USA
Within the USA: +1 (800) 713-4113
Outside the USA: +1 (949) 380-6100                   ©2015 Microsemi Corporation. All rights reserved. Microsemi and the Microsemi logo are registered trademarks of Microsemi Corporation. All other trade-
Sales: +1 (949) 380-6136                             marks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Fax: +1 (949) 215-4996
email: sales.support@microsemi.com
www.microsemi.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Rev. 1.0 04-15


Mouser Electronics
Authorized Distributor
Click to View Pricing, Inventory, Delivery & Lifecycle Information:
Microchip:
 LX3302QPW-TR LX3302AQPW LX3302AQPW-TR
