To Our Customers
  CEL continues to offer industry leading semiconductor products
  from Japan. We are pleased to add new communication products
  from THine Electronics to our product portfolio.
  www.cel.com


THCV218_Rev.1.00_E_Brief
                                              THCV218
                                V-by-One® HS High-speed video data receiver
 General Description                                        Features
   THCV218 is designed to support video data                    Color depth selectable: 24(8*3)/32(10*3)bit
 transmission between the host and display.                     Single-in/Single-out, Dual-in/Single-out, and
   One high-speed lane can carry up to 32bit data and 3          Dual-in/Dual-out selectable.
 bits of synchronizing signals at a pixel clock                 AC coupling for high-speed lines
 frequency from 20MHz to 85MHz.
                                                                CORE 1.8v, CMOS IO 3.3v
   This chip, which has two high-speed data lanes, can
                                                                Package: TFBGA105
 receive video data up to 1080p/10b/60Hz.
 The maximum serial data rate is 3.4Gbps/lane.                  Wide frequency range
                                                                CDR requires no external frequency reference
                                   CMOS IO                      3.3V logic compatible output interface.
       Width       Link
                                   Frequency
        24bit      Si/So       20MHz to 85MHz
         and       Di/Do                                    Si/So: Single-in/Single-out,
        32bit      Di/So       40MHz to 170MHz              Di/So: Dual-in/Single-out, Di/So: Dual-in/Single-out
 Block Diagram
Copyright©2012 THine Electronics, Inc.                                                         THine Electronics, Inc.
                                                        1/2


THCV218_Rev.1.00_E_Brief
Example System Diagram
         Application Processor
                                                                                                 Timing Controller
                                                                                                                     Display
                                     Example for CMOS/TTL to CMOS/TTL
         Application Processor
                                                                                                 Timing Controller
                                                                                                                     Display
                                         Example for LVDS to CMOS/TTL
Notices and Requests
1.   The product specifications described in this material are subject to change without prior notice.
2.   The circuit diagrams described in this material are examples of the application which may not always apply
     to the customer’s design. We are not responsible for possible errors and omissions in this material. Please
     note if errors or omissions should be found in this material, we may not be able to correct them immediately.
3.   This material contains our copy right, know-how or other proprietary. Copying or disclosing to third parties
     the contents of this material without our prior permission is prohibited.
4.   Note that if infringement of any third party's industrial ownership should occur by using this product, we will
     be exempted from the responsibility unless it directly relates to the production process or functions of the
     product.
5.   This product is presumed to be used for general electric equipment, not for the applications which require
     very high reliability (including medical equipment directly concerning people's life, aerospace equipment, or
     nuclear control equipment). Also, when using this product for the equipment concerned with the control and
     safety of the transportation means, the traffic signal equipment, or various Types of safety equipment, please
     do it after applying appropriate measures to the product.
6.   Despite our utmost efforts to improve the quality and reliability of the product, faults will occur with a
     certain small probability, which is inevitable to a semi-conductor product. Therefore, you are encouraged to
     have sufficiently redundant or error preventive design applied to the use of the product so as not to have our
     product cause any social or public damage.
7.   Please note that this product is not designed to be radiation-proof.
8.   Customers are asked, if required, to judge by themselves if this product falls under the category of strategic
     goods under the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Law.
THine Electronics, Inc.
sales@thine.co.jp
Copyright©2012 THine Electronics, Inc.                                                       THine Electronics, Inc.
                                                        2/2


Mouser Electronics
Authorized Distributor
Click to View Pricing, Inventory, Delivery & Lifecycle Information:
CEL:
 THCV218-B
